Describe who is your best sex parter and why?
Number of sexual partners?
Have you ever cheated?
How do you feel about doggystyle?
What's your favorite sex position?
Have you done anal?
Most awkward hookup?
Most satisfying hookup?
Has anyone left you hurting after sex?
Favorite place in the world?
What foreign country has the most attractive people?
Where is a place you want to have sex?
Something you're proud of
Favorite part about yourself?
What is your most embarassing sexual moment?
What was your first kiss?
How old were you when you lost your v card?
What is something sexually you are afraid to do?
Do you get goosebumps when someone touches you?
What spot feels the best to be touched?
Have you orgasmed?
Have you ever smoked pot?
What drugs have you done?
Have you had sex when you were high?
What's a hookup you wish you could take back?
Is there a hookup you let get away?
Who do you dream about having sex with?
What is a good pick up line?
What turns you on?
How do you make a girl wet?
Has someone ever walked in on you touching yourself?
Has someone walked in on you hooking up?
Has someone in this room seen your private parts?
Have you have put out after a first date?
Have you had sex in the past 24 hours?
How many times have you done it in 24 hours?
Do you use a condom?
Have you had sex on a period?
Have you used Plan B?
Would you get eloped?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
How many kids do you want to have?
What is something on your bucket list?
What would you do if it was your last day on earth?
How do you want to be honored at your funeral?
What drink makes you horny?
How many drinks do you need to feel comfortable in any social setting?
What is your cocktail of choice?
When you were little what did you want to be when you grew up?
A year ago, could you have expected to be where you are now?
Where do you want to be in 3 years?
What is something that makes you happy?
When was the last time you cried?
What is your perfect trip?
Who is your favorite actor?
Who's your celeb crush?
What celebrity would you drop everything to have sex with?
Have you fooled around with someone of the same sex?
What is your most gay experience?
Big spoon or little spoon?
Biggest regret in life?
Is there anyone from your past you'd give a second chance to?
Who is the one that got away?
What's your dream car?
What car does your dream date drive?
Have you ever had sex in a car?
What's something new you want to try in bed?
Have you ever sucked on toes?
Have you ever had a hickie?
What household object would you masturbate with?
What is your favorite thing to do when you're alone and horny?
Have you touched yourself today?
Marry, fuck, kill... You pick the boys.
Marry, fuck, kill... Clinton, Bush, Obama
Marry, fuck, kill Choose 3 professors
Name someone you want to be like
Who in this room has the best ass?
Who in the room is going to have the sexiest spouse?
Favorite sports team?
What athelete do you want to hook up with?
Marry, fuck, kill... Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, Drew Brees
Favorite smell?
What smell turns you on?
What smell reminds you of sex?
How do you like to be touched?
What is more important, ass or boobs?
Favorite turn on?
How was your first time having sex?
How do you feel about porn?
Have you ever gotten a wax?
Have you ever taken someone's V-card? 
Have you done it in a hot tub?
Where is the most erotic place to have sex?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What is your ideal date night?
What is your ideal proposal?
Have you made out with another girl?
Have you used a toy?