Describe who is your best sex parter and why?
Number of sexual partners?
How do you feel about doggystyle?
Have you done anal?
Most satisfying hookup?
Has anyone left you hurting after sex?
Where is a place you want to have sex?
What is your most embarassing sexual moment?
How old were you when you lost your v card?
What is something sexually you are afraid to do?
What spot feels the best to be touched?
Have you orgasmed?
What drugs have you done?
Have you had sex when you were high?
What's a hookup you wish you could take back?
Who do you dream about having sex with?
What turns you on?
How do you make a girl wet?
Has someone ever walked in on you touching yourself?
Has someone walked in on you hooking up?
Have you had sex in the past 24 hours?
How many times have you done it in 24 hours?
Have you had sex on a period?
Have you used Plan B?
How do you want to be honored at your funeral?
What drink makes you horny?
How many drinks do you need to feel comfortable in any social setting?
A year ago, could you have expected to be where you are now?
When was the last time you cried?
What celebrity would you drop everything to have sex with?
Have you fooled around with someone of the same sex?
What is your most gay experience?
Big spoon or little spoon?
Biggest regret in life?
Is there anyone from your past you'd give a second chance to?
Who is the one that got away?
Have you ever had sex in a car?
What's something new you want to try in bed?
Have you ever sucked on toes?
What household object would you masturbate with?
What is your favorite thing to do when you're alone and horny?
Have you touched yourself today?
What's your ideal honeymoon?
What is your perfect night?
Marry, fuck, kill... You pick the boys.
Marry, fuck, kill... Clinton, Bush, Obama
Marry, fuck, kill…Choose 3 professors
Who in this room has the best ass?
Who in the room is going to have the sexiest spouse?
Marry, fuck, kill…Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, Drew Brees
What smell turns you on?
What smell reminds you of sex?
How do you like to be touched?
What is more important, ass or boobs?
Favorite turn on?
How was your first time having sex?
How do you feel about porn?
Have you ever gotten a wax?
Have you ever taken someone's V-card? 
Have you done it in a hot tub?
Where is the most erotic place to have sex?
What is your ideal date night?
What is your ideal proposal?
Have you made out with another girl?
Have you used a toy?