Would you rather be bitten by 100 mosquitoes or get a paper cut on your wrist?
Would you rather only give oral and never cum or only have butt sex in your butt but always cum?
Would you rather be deaf or blind?
Live your dream life for only 30 years or live an average life for 100 years?
Be blind and have sex with the most beautiful male/female in the world or have your eyesight and never have sex?
Would you rather go to high security prison for 30 years or have a threesome with one of your siblings?
Would you rather orgasm every time you have sex or 
Would you rather lose both thumbs or one foot?
Would you rather be a retired and injured athelete or a bankrupt husband?
If you were stranded on an island who from this group would you choose to be with you?
If you were stranded on an island what food would you want to have an endless supply of?
If you were stranded on an island and could have one man made item what would it be?
If you could only fuck in one position for the rest of your life what would choose?
If you could only have sex one day a week what day would you choose?
If you could hook up with anyone from your school who would it be?
If you could write a fortune cookie for yourself what would it say?
If you could change something about yourself what would it be?
If you could have one super power what would it be?
If you could have lunch with anyone in the world who would it be?
If you could be a celebrity who would you be?
If you could be a character in a movie who would you be?
If you could have a trait of one of your role models what would it be?
If you could be any age how old would you choose to be?
If you could date one of your exe's who would you choose and why?
If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life which would you choose?
If you could be someone else for a day who would you be? Why?
If you could trade 10 years of your life for your dream car would you?
If you could only drink one mixed drink for the rest of your life which would you choose?
If you could know everything about your future spouse's history would you?
If you found out that your child was going to be born with a disability would you still have the baby?